Insert topic here
JusT ShakE it!
     A computer's attention span is as long as its power cord. 
     A Supercomputer is a computer that runs an endless loop in two seconds. 
     A very high phone bill indicates that your child is spending hours communicating with other computer users via modem -not necessarily an illegal activity. It's the very low phone bills that you should watch for. 
     All computers wait at the same speed. 
     As a computer, I find your faith in technology amusing. 
     Asking if computers can think is like asking if submarines can swim. 
     BorgDOS v6.0 - Assimilate Another [Y/n]?  
     BREAKFAST.COM halted - cereal port not responding  
     CCITT: Can't Conceive Intelligent Thoughts Today 
     Computers are like Old Testaments gods. Lots of rules and no mercy. 
     Computers are not intelligent. They only think they are. 
     Computers are only human. 
     Computers are useless. They can only give you answers. (Pablo Picasso) 
     Daddy, what does FORMATTING DRIVE C mean? 
     Daddy, why doesn't this magnet pick up this floppy disk? 
     DOS Human Interface Guidelines (part I, II and III):
     A new line will be added to the bottom of the screen. 
     Hi! I'm a shareware signature! Send $5 if you use me, send $10 for manual! 
     I em a wuunderfull spelur. I tipe vari gud two. 
     I finally found the ANY key! 
     I think there is a world market for maybe five computers. (Thomas Watson, Chairman of IBM, 1943) 
     If Old McDonald had a computer, would it use Eee-aye-eee I/O? 
     If the auto industry were like the computer industry, a car would now cost $50, would get 500 mpg, and at a random time would explode, killing all passengers. 
     Is it a bird? Is it a plane? Is it an UFO? No, it's a 136-speed CD-rom!  
     Lyall's Conjecture: If a computer cable has one end, then it has another. 
     Microsecond: The time it takes for your state-of-the-art computer to become obsolete.  
     My computer is below sea level, but it is not wet... (Rene G.A. Ros from Iceland) 
     No matter how much data you add to your laptop, it will not get heavier. 
     REALITY.SYS corrupted. Reboot UNIVERSE [Y/n]?  
     !retupmoc siht edisni deppart ma I !pleH 
     Smith & Wesson: The original point-and-click interface. 
     Software suppliers are trying to make their software packages more "user-friendly"... Their best approach, so far has been to take all the old brochures, and stamp the words "user-friendly" on the cover. 
     The faster your computer, the longer it has to wait for you... 
     The most important question when any new computer architecture is introduced is "So what?" 
     The Original Multitasker: Two PCs and a chair with wheels! 
     There is no reason anyone would want a computer in their home. (Ken Olson, president, chairman and founder of DEC, 1977) 
     They say a computer is a "stupid" thing.If so: how about the user of it?  
     When you get to the point where you really understand your computer, it's probably obsolete.  
     Will Micro$oft go bankrupt in 1901 because of the Year 2000 Problem? 
     You don't have conversations with microprocessors. You tell them what to do, then helplessly watch the disaster when they take you literally! (David Brin)  
     Your brain knows a hell of a lot more about networking than you do. 
     (A)bort, (R)etry, (Q)UAKE? 
     A mistake is human, but you need a computer to make a mess of it.  
     Access denied--nah nah na nah nah! 
     And the RESET button lets you re-run AUTOEXEC.BAT 
     Apathy Error: Don't bother striking any key.  
     Backup not found: (A)bort (R)etry (P)anic 
     Backups? We doan *NEED* no steenking baX%^~,VbKx NO CARRIER 
     But I DID read the manual... 
     But I thought YOU did the backups... 
     Buy a Pentium. It can reboot faster... 
     Capt'n! The spellchecker kinna take this abuse! 
     Computers make very fast, very accurate mistakes. 
     Do bl Sp ce is a v ry saf me hod of driv compr s ion. 
     Error 13: Illegal brain function. User Terminated.  
     Error: No Keyboard - press F1 to continue. 
     Every morning is the dawn of a new error. 
     File not found, I'll load something *I* think is interesting. 
     Gotta run, the cat's caught in the printer. 
     hAS ANYONE SEEN MY cAPSLOCK KEY?  
     Hit any user to continue. 
     If your computer says, "Printer out of Paper," this problem cannot be resolved by continuously clicking the "OK" button. 
     In the future:
     PC: "Are you sure you want to delete?"
     User: "Well, I don't know. What do you think?"  
     Is your computer possesed? Use DEVICE=EXOR.SYS 
     It said "Insert Disk #3", but only two will fit! 
     Mouse not found! Click OK to continue!  
     My computer isn't that nervous... it's just a bit ANSI. 
     My configuration? A head, two arms and hands, two leggs...  
     NOT A VALID CENTURY  
     On a clear disk you can seek forever. 
     Oops. My brain just hit a bad sector. 
     PENTIUM - Produces Enormous Numbers Through Incorrect Understanding of Mathematics 
     Pentiums melt in your PC, not in your hand. 
     Press any key to continue or any other key to quit... 
     Press [ESC] to detonate, or any other key to explode  
     Printers generate errors. Errors you've never seen on screen suddenly appear on paper. 
     (R)etry (R)eset  
     RTFM: Read the fucking manual! 
     SENILE.COM found... Out Of Memory... 
     shift key/ never heard of it1111 
     Somethingswrongwithmyspacebar 
     Stack Error: Lost on a cluttered desk... 
     Th vwls n m kbrd dn't wrk vry wll, d thy?? 
     This computer will self-destruct in five minutes. 
     What does 'erasing of hard drive in progress' mean? 
     When all else fails, read the instructions. 
     Who is General Failure and why is he reading my disk? 
     WYTYSYDG - What you thought you saw, you didn't get. 
     2400 Baud makes you want to get out and push! 
     A much wittier reply came to mind immediately after I clicked the "Send" button. 
     America Online: a major supplier of free disks to those who do not pay money to them. 
     Beam me up... arrgh, no carrier! 
     Confuse people... Quote from the WRONG message! 
     Did anyone see my lost carrier? 
     I want an Internet. Can I have one of those? (Spice Girl Mel B., pointing to a monitor during an AOL press conference)  
     I'm another road kill on the Information Superhighway. 
     If cookies were made with chocolate I would accept them always.  
     Internet Lie #1: Doom? Never heard of it. 
     Misspelled? Impossible. My modem is error correcting. 
     Not tonight honey. I have a modem. 
     Please tell me if you don't get this message... 
     Some years ago we had slow computers and time enough to drink a lot of coffee. Today we have the Internet and once more time enough for coffee. I think, Bill Gates should buy coffee plants... 
     Surfing the Internet finally allows me to read a good book... 
     The name is Baud... James Baud. 
     The secret of the universe is @*&¡!"¤^#+ NO CARRIER 
     This message transmitted on 100% recycled electrons. 
     Waking up the NSA watchers: SIGINT BALLISTIC TELSAT KGB GRU LIBYA SAM ATTACK GRAIL IRA PLASTIQUE KENNEDY SPACE CENTER LUMINOSO TRAINING BGS GRANATWERFER 
     We DON'T care. We don't HAVE to. We're the phone company. 
     You're not putting that Information Superhighway through my front room! 
     Your e-mail has been returned due to insufficient voltage.
     A computer without Windows is like a fish without a bicycle. 
     Air Conditioned Environment - Do not open Windows! 
     ...and remember: WWW does not stand for "World Wide Windows"  
     Apples have been a problem ever since Eden.  
     Back in the mid to late 80's, an IBM compatible computer wasn't considered a hundred percent compatible unless it Bang on the left side of your computer to restart Windows. 
     Best file compression around: DEL *.* - 100% compressed. 
     Best way to accelerate Windows? Throw it harder...! 
     "Bother," said Poo, and deleted Windows. 
     But why spend $2,000.00 just to run Windows? 
     Buy Stacker? Why not just delete Windows?! 
     C:\ONGRTLNS.W95
     Congratulations Windows 95 
     Customer: "I'm running Windows '95." Tech Support: "Yes." Customer: "My computer isn't working now." Tech Support: "Yes, you said that." 
     Difference between a virus and Windows? Viruses never fail. 
     Does Microsoft mean small and limp? 
     Double your drive space! Delete Windows! 
     Error #152 - Windows not found:(C)heer (P)arty (D)ance. 
     Ever notice how fast Windows runs? Neither did I! 
     Hiroshima '45 - Tschernobyl '86 - Windows '95 
     How do you want to crash today? 
     I can't use Windows. My cat ate my mouse. 
     I put BUGS=OFF in CONFIG.SYS and now Windows won't load! 
     I'll never forget the first time I ran Windows, but I'm trying. 
     I've been known to scrub toilets, but I don't do Windows. 
     if (2.0 = = 1.999999963) printf("Pentium inside!\n");  
     If you go to the computer store to buy a mousepad, you don't have to specify whether it's for a Windows or a Macintosh. 
     It's not a virus... it's just Windows 95. 
     Microsoft is not the answer, it's the question and the answer is NO.  
     Microsoft Windows - Who Do You Have To Blow Today? 
     My lastest screen-saver: Curtains for Windows. 
     P200 + Windows '95 = Maserati with the parking brake on. 
     People who think MS-DOS and Windows are the slickest thing since sliced butter should be forced to wear a sign stating "This mind intentionally left blank". 
     Prepare to destroy the Borg! Ensign, upload Windows! 
     Some call it Windows, others the longest batch file of the world. 
     Speed Kills. Use Microsoft Windows. 
     The best way to accelerate a PC is at 9.8 m/s^2. 
     The Magic of Windows: Turns a Pentium into an XT. 
     The number of the beast is not 666. The number is 95, and he is awake! 
     This room is air-conditioned and the SUN is shining the NeXT days -- so don't open Windows(tm).  
     This Virus requires Microsoft Windows... 
     Turn your Pentium into a Gameboy: Type WIN at C:\>  
     Walk through doors, don't crawl through Windows.  
     Welcome to hell - here's your copy of Windows. 
     Windows 95, brings the power of yesterday computers today.  
     Windows: A 80486 to 80286 conversion kit. 
     Windows and DOS: A turtle and its shell. 
     Windows IS NOT a virus... viruses do something. 
     Windows NT: Insert wallet into Drive A: and press any key to empty. 
     Windows - the 8MB Solitaire game! 
     Windows: The colorful clown suit for DOS. 
     With Windows 3.11, we were on the edge of the cliff. With Windows 95, we made a big step forward. 
     You need the computing power of a P5, 16 MB RAM and 1 GB Harddisk to run Win95. It took the computing power of 3 Commodore 64 to fly to the Moon. Something is wrong here, and it wasn't the Apollo.  
     Your mouse has moved. Windows has to reboot for changes to take effect. 